# Scenario Development
Transaction: SWDD_SCENARIO
Abreviation: ZHR_EMP_REQ
Description: HR Employee Request

Tabs

Actions

Process Data

Define the scenario name and main properties, for example, the leading object and events.

Control

Configure the callback classes and the pre-delivered content (a default workflow).

Activities

Define activities, that can be used by the business process expert to create workflows.

Conditions

Define conditions.

Agent Rule

Define agent rules.

Value Helps

Define value helps for the User or Condition Parameter selection.

Reference Times

Define the reference times that can be used for deadlines.

Email Templates

Configure email templates.

Change Data

Edit your entry data.

## Process Data

⚠️ To prevent inconsistencies in existing instances, avoid changing the callback class name after the activation of the workflow scenario.

EMPLOYEEREQUEST (From Context, configured as _Import_ and _Export_ parameters)
- ZCL_HR_EMP_REQ_WF (Object Request)
  - ZZHREmployeeRequestRN
  - ZZHREmployeeRequest
  - ZVKS_I_EMPLOYEEREQUEST

## Control

Callback class: ZCL_HR_EMP_REQ_RUN_APPL_BASE 

## Activities

|Types of Supported Activities | Description                                 |
|:-----------------------------|:------------------------------------------- |
| Activity                     | Dialog or background task                   |
| User Decision                | Dialog step with decision options           |
| Review                       | Special dialog task for review workflows    |
| Extension                    | Starts a workflow service instance          |

## Conditions

## Agent Rules

In flexible workflows, we're given a provision to programmatically handle the scenario agent determination failure by using **MITIGATE_AGENT_RULE_EVALUATION** of the runtime callback.

## Value Helps

⚠️ Entity field should contain the entity set na me, not t he entity type name itself.

## Reference Times

## Deadline Actions

## Email Templates

In the Maintain Email Templates app, you use a set of predelivered email temp lates that will be triggered at predefined actions. Whenever you need to extend the email templates or create a new one for a custom flexible workflow, you'll copy he predelivered template **SWF_CRT_ NOTIFY_RECIPIENTS**.

## Chage Data
